WILL:
This is no longer a dream.
This is reality.
Three months from now, we are
opening offices in New York.
(applause)
I want to say something.
Not now, Howard.
We are growing.
Share that with your clients.
The era of constriction is over.
Now, a new era
needs new branding.
"LIG."
Own those letters.
No one says
"Lockhart/Gardner" anymore.
It's "L.G."
I'll be right back.
Who's thinking of leaving?
Sonya Rucker. The Wabash Fund.
Chumhum?
No.
Not yet.
Sonya Rucker and Wabash
are leaving Florrick-Agos.
Their infrastructure?
Bad.
Florrick-Agos barely exists.
We've been working out
of Alicia's apartment
for the last two weeks.
That's why I'm
back here.
Did the clients know?
No.
We either met at their offices
or over lunch.
But they are moving
into new offices today.
What offices?
T-shirt factory
on Grand.
Really?
It's all we could...
they could afford.
$20 a square foot.
DIANE:
The connections with the
governor aren't helping AIICIa?
Mm, they're
hurting her.
I lost a client because
of all the ethical issues
from the governor's office.
Thank you,
Anthony.
What a putz.
We should've tried
to get Carey Zepps.
I'll take Rucker.
Will, you take
the Wabash.
(knocking)
I'll be right back.
(chuckles)
How's your course going?
(groans)
When driving in fog,
you should use your...?
Low beams.
That's not true, is it?
It is.
I wrote fog lights.
Why are they called fog lights
if they're not for fog?
To trick you.
(groans)
(chuckles)
How long do you need
my Wi-Fi for?
A few hours.
Want me gone?
Nope. Stay as long as you want.
Mmm.
So, do we have a
Yoko Ono problem here?
Mr. Lee, she's still waiting.
Tell her to come back
tomorrow. Tell her...
all the partners are busy.
I'm not busy.
Who is it?
A walk-in. Not much money.
She says she
used to work here.
I'll take care of it.
So, uh,
you used to work here,
Ms. Flores?
I did. Two years ago.
Ah.
As an intern.
Now you want to come back?
No.
That was a joke.
Breaking the ice.
(chuckles)
So... how can we help you?
A friend of mine has been swept
up in a raid of businesses
employing undocumented workers.
They've threatened
to deport him
back to Mexico
unless he agrees
to a snitch visa...
Oh, so you're from Mexico?
No.
I love Mexico.
I was down there in the '60s.
Puerto Vallarta.
God, the drinks they had.
You know, the ones.
The-the, um...
The ones, um...
What are they called?
I have no idea.
And the women.
In those dresses.
(chuckles)
Those short dresses.
Mmm.
Could you call
Alicia Florrick for me, please?
A-Actually, Alicia doesn't
work here anymore.
She doesn't?
Where is she?
(truck beeping)
CAREY:
Well, here it is.
The furniture should be arriving
in a few hours.
CARY:
Do we have phones, at least?
CAREY:
Not until tomorrow.
We'll have
to work from cells.
CARY:
We can't meet
with Chumhum here.
Eh, we need to polish
the floors.
You know, make it look
like a hip start-up.
Open floor plan.
No walls.
It'll take us a week.
We can do this.
Hey.
And when did this happen?
Well, right now. The
prosecutor's mid-trial
and he's pressuring Tomas
to sign the snitch
visa before noon.
I told Tomas to wait till
he spoke to a lawyer.
That's your friend? Tomas?
Yes. Tomas Ruiz.
I knew him in school.
And who does this prosecutor
want him to testify against?
Lalo Hierra.
Yes, I know.
It's worrisome.
Okay, let me talk
to my partners.
We're just... starting out.
Yes, I can see that.
Are these just
temporary?
They're gonna look great.
Just give us a week.
(truck beeping outside)
ALICIA:
It's just
consultation on a visa,
but she needs me now.
Is it worth our time?
_I'm not sure
this guy can pay.
He's an undocumented immigrant.
He owns a body shop.
CARY: Well, we can't
be doing pro bono.
No, no, no. We should do it.
CARY: Why?
Natalie Flores works
for a New York lobbyist
named Joe Pal_lotta. He controls
$90 million in client billing.
He can direct Chicago work
our way.
Checked online.
Okay. I'll take it.
(whispers):
Hey, our first new client.
All right.
Yes.
(chuckles)
All right.
Hey, uh...
who was the last person hired,
the last salaried person?
Why?
I was talking
to Clarke Hayden.
We need to, uh, make cuts
to our payroll.
Carey, we made a commitment
to our employees.
Yes,
and that commitment means
nothing if we go under.
Who was the last person?
Ah. It was Robyn,
wasn't it?
CARY:
We can't let her go.
We'll have no investigator.
CAREY: And how much
have we investigated
in the last two weeks?
Look, it's just for
a few months. I'll talk to her.
QRW
Nqum
Butnotunï¬anday.
I need your answer
now, Mr. Ruiz.
I've been in this country
for nine years, sir.
Our shop pays Social Security
and payroll tax.
Yes, and you're undocumented.
Look, it's very simple.
Lalo Hierra used
your shop to meet with the head
of the Latin Gangsters.
You testify to that fact
and what you heard them say,
and you won't be deported.
(door opens)
Excuse me. _
Could you step outSIde?
Could I... Who are you?
Alicia Florrick,
Mr. Ruiz's attorney.
Who are you?
Mr. Ruiz, it is your right
to have an attorney present,
but I must warn you...
If you want
to warn anyone, warn me.
...any delay in signing
this snitch visa
means the offer could go away.
The_offer's
not g0ing away.
You need him more
than he needs you. Now,
whom am I addressing?
Karl Dolan.
U.S. Attorney. She's gonna
get you deported,
Tomas...
Please step outside,
AUSA Dolan. Right now.
No, that's it.
I'm conferring with my client.
Step outside.
NATALIE:
Tomas, Elena,
this is one of the lawyers
I was talking to you about.
Alicia Florrick.
I'd like you to consider all the
possibilities before you sign.
I know. Lalo is dangerous and
I'll be testifying against him,
but... I...
can't be
without Elena.
I can't
be deported.
That will
truly kill me.
He'll do it.
Praise God.
But he wants
24-hour protection
for his family and himself.
That's already in the visa.
No,
it was promised,
but it's not in the visa.
Also, he wants a promise not to
deport his wife and his girls.
You didn't need to come.
I would've offered all that.
Good. So put it in the visa,
and we'll be ready for court.
MAN:
Six bodies were found hanging
from a bridge outside the city.
Five more were decapitated.
DOLAN:
And did anyone
take responsibility
for the execution?
There was a bullet
left at the scene,
a single .357
Magnum shell
with the letters
"L.C." painted on it.
DOLAN: "L.C."?
MAN:
Short for "El Culebra."
The Snake.
And is there someone
in the cartel
who goes by that nickname?
Yes. The defendant,
Lalo Hierra.
Uh, thank you,
Agent Thorburn.
Just a... Uh, actually,
nothing further, Your Honor.
We would request
a short recess
to prepare a new name
that we'd like to add
to the witness list.
Granted. We'll break for lunch.
Be back at 2:00.
(whispers indistinctly)
Good.
He's scared.
(jackhammering)
ELI:
Alicia, hi.
How are you?
Good.
What's up here? Hi, Marilyn.
Hi, Alicia. I'm sorry. I had a
bout of nausea but I'm all good.
Um, do you guys mind
if I... if I, uh--
No, not at all.
Welcome,
by the way.
Thanks. So...
this is the new... firm.
It's nice.
We're in the early stages yet.
What do you need?
Mm. Sorry, pumpkin Pop-Tart.
They're the only things
that settle my stomach.
Um, Peter
would like to come by
and congratulate you,
and we were acting as a
sort of advance team.
You want to negotiate
his first visit?
No.
Yes.
There can be no photographs
while he's here.
No contacting the press.
No clients to be informed
of his visit.
No press releases.
Look, if Peter wants
to come here to congratulate
his wife on her new firm,
I'm thrilled.
But there'll be no policing
between us.
No rules, no exemptions.
Just Peter
deciding to drop by.
That's all.
Look, Alicia, the only...
(stutters, groans)
Eli, are you all right?
Y-Yes. I'm-I'm-I'm, uh...
Uh...
No, uh, what, um...
Okay.
Uh, I'll be right back.
He ran.
What?
Lalo. Uh, Eduardo Hierra.
He fled back to Mexico.
He... When?
An hour ago. He skipped bail,
and the rumor is he caught
a private plane to Nuevo Laredo.
Tomas doesn't have to testify.
Oh...
(chuckles)
Eli,
are you all right?
(elevator door shuts)
(grunts)
(shouts)
I was wondering
if I'd run into you.
I just didn't think
it would be so literal.
I saw you.
Iwas up...
Uh, how lo-- how long
are you in town?
Um, a few days.
I... I've been
following you.
You'v
e.. ?
I mean, wi-winning
the election
and the governorship--
it's all very impressive.
Thank you, thank you.
You, too-- you're at
The Outsider Group.
Yes, um, we've been
following each other.
(both chuckle)
Well, um, I better get going.
I have this thing
with my boss.
Yeah, m-me, too, me, too.
Let's have dinner.
I'm-- what?
Tonight.
Let's have dinner.
Um... yeah,
I'd love that.
(phone rings)
Will Gardner.
Oh, hey, Joe,
what a pleasure.
I need you bad now.
I'd like that.
Today?
No, I haven't seen her.
Okay, what's her name?
Diane, who's
Natalie Flores?
She used to work here.
Why?
That was her boss Joe
Pallotta the lobbyist.
He wants to bring all
his legal work here,
but he sent Natalie
to sound us out.
You haven't seen her?
DIANE: No.
WILL: Okay, well,
can you keep an
eye out for her?
She has a case she
needs help with.
We want to give her
all our attention.
Um...
Yes?
It was a good meeting.
She liked me.
What was the case?
Some Mexican
illegal alien thing.
Howard, what did you say to her?
Nothing.
Nothing-- I complimented her.
I said how great
Mexicans are,
how sexy
they are.
Oh, Lord.
She asked for Alicia
Florrick's address.
(sighs)
It's not gone yet.
Call Joe back
and explain.
(ringtone playing)
Hello.
ELENA:
Mrs. Florrick, they took him,
they took Tomas.
What?
Uh, he-hello, Elena?
The agents said that they were
taking him to Nuevo Laredo.
That's where Lalo is.
Lalo will kill Tomas
as soon as he gets off the bus.
Okay, just sit tight, Elena,
it's been a misunderstanding.
I'll get on with the AUSA.
I saw what he does to snitches,
Mrs. Florrick.
He cuts their stomachs open,
hangs them from bridges.
Please help me, please.
I will.
I will call you right back.
Yes, I need to speak
to AUSA Karl Dolan.
It's an emergency.
Well, find him.
ROBYN:
Kalinda.
You shouldn't be here,
Robyn.
I'll be gone
in ten minutes.
What do you need?
Have they hired anybody
yet to replace me?
You can't come
back here, Robyn.
I know, but why not?
If they haven't hired
anyone, why?
You're at Florrick-Agos.
But they're going to lay me off.
I'm sorry, could you, um,
just put in a good word for me?
Look, Robyn,
it won't work.
They won't hire you
back here.
You know,
too much has happened.
You need to make
yourself hard.
You need to make yourself
indispensable.
That's why
people keep you on.
But I'm not you.
You don't need to be me.
They were laying me off
at the state's attorney's
office five years ago,
so I took control.
Nothing changes you
like the loss of a job.
Now go,
you can't be here.
(buzzing)
NATALIE:
Go ahead, take it.
No.
(chuckles)
Eli, if you don't get it,
I'm going to.
What happened to your
Cirque du Soleil boyfriend?
He got married.
(buzzing continues)
I'm sorry.
You're not sorry.
(both laugh)
It's the governor's office.
I'll call back.
I'm hearing your boss speak at
the Minority Voters' Conference.
Oh.
Yes, I think he's talking
about redistricting,
how it's marginalizing
the minority vote.
Actually, uh, unfortunately
he had to cancel that.
Oh, when was this?
Redistricting is
a hard subject.
Either way, you...
you offend someone.
(phone ringing)
Uh, I should get this.
Please.
Hello.
Alicia?
What's wrong?
Oh, my God, when?
No, no, no, I'll--
I, I will join you.
Um, give me 20 minutes.
Eli, I'm so sorry, I,
um, I have to...
This friend--
he's being deported.
Can we do this
another time?
Yes, of course.
MAN:
I understand you're upset.
Upset?
We're talking
about a man's life.
Tomas Ruiz did
everything you asked.
Not everything--
he didn't testify.
Because he never
had the chance.
Look, that has nothing
to do with my job.
The person he was going
to testify against fled.
That is not his fault.
We have
very few S-visas to give out,
and the rules for granting them
are strict.
The recipient has
to provide testimony
that helps lead to a conviction.
Mr. Dolan,
you asked my client
to inform _ _
on a dangerous criminal,
and when that criminal
jumped bail,
you deported him
to the exact same place
the criminal fled to.
I realize it sounds unfair.
NATALIE: No,
what it sounds like is
a death sentence.
Okay, this
conversation is moot.
At 4:00 am.
Tomas RUIZ
was boarded onto
a deportation bus.
He'll be in Mexico
in 12 hours.
I'm sorry, there's
nothing I can do.
This is the problem.
The feds were looking
for Tomas I. Ruiz.
He's a con man--
insurance fraud,
airbag theft.
That's why his deportation
was expedited.
CARY:
Our guy is Tomas Y. Ruiz,
but, uh, they think
he's the con man.
They're deporting
the wrong guy.
We can't clear this up?
Unfortunately immigration has
him listed with both spellings.
And since neither
of them has
a valid Social
Security number...
As far
as the government's concerned,
they're the same person.
So, what do we do?
ROBYN:
Find the other Tomas Ruiz.
Show the feds
they deported the wrong man.
And how do we do that?
Let me find him.
Well, we have 11 hours
till Tomas crosses the border.
Then, I'd better get started.
Okay, I'll see if I can get
anywhere in court.
Howard Lyman is one
of our oldest partners.
We keep him around
as a legacy.
(slaps)
I'll be right back.
Want anything?
Look, have Natalie
Flores come back.
We'll have a good sit-down.
Because I'm warning you now,
Florrick-Agos isn't
up to this case.
It's really too bad.
Are you talking to me?
Yes.
It's too bad
about Will.
He's still in pain.
I'm David Lee,
by the way.
I'm Isabel.
Hmm.
Want a pretzel?
No, thank you.
He's still in pain
about Alicia.
And who's Alicia?
Oh, someone who...
used to work here.
He could tell you more.
(chuckles)
I'm looking for Tomas Ruiz.
He's not here.
I'm working as
a skip tracer.
If you help us find him,
there will be a percentage
of the bond for you.
He's not here, but he had a
girlfriend-- Christina Stewart.
Do you have her address?
MARILYN:
Your wife would not agree
to set any rules.
She said if you wanted to come
see her at her new firm,
she would welcome it,
but...
(rustling)
(clears throat)
Sorry.
She would not
police her firm.
It would be our advice
to steer clear
until her firm
establishes itself.
No, I'm, I'm going
tonight, thanks.
Um, anything else?
Um, yes, we've, um,
we've gone to the trouble
of canceling your speech to
the Minority Voter Council.
Oh, no, we've decided
to keep that.
(sighs)
I'm sorry, what?
It's worth our effort to do
a redistricting speech.
(sighs)
Marilyn.
Eli, I thought we decided
it would hurt the governor
to come down on one
Side or the other.
Yes, I've changed my mind.
Okay, so I guess
I'm giving a speech.
Eli, what is going on?
I changed my mind.
Have you never
changed your mind?
No.
Well, this is what
it looks like.
Yeah?
I'm looking for Tomas.
I don't know anybody
named Tomas.
You can tell him for me that
Gloria is looking for him.
I told you,
I don't know him.
You can tell him that Illinois
has laws about child support,
and he'd better pay.
(engine rewing)
(tires screeching)
Open the door,
you son of a bitch!
TOMAS:
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
(banging on door)
You got a kid, and you didn't
tell me about it?!
What?
I have to hear
about it from some
blonde skank who showed up
at my doorstep.
Hello, Tomas.
REARDON:
So, you're saying the
U.S. Attorney is in breach?
Yes, Your Honor.
They made an agreement,
and they didn't honor it.
We honored every part
of our agreement,
except the granting of the visa.
That's the only part
that matters!
Because Mr. Ruiz
did not comply
with his duties
under the agreement.
Your Honor,
they created the danger
by asking him
to testify.
But when he was denied
that chance,
through no fault of his own,
(phone buzzes)
they let him be sent
right into the lion's mouth!
And he'll be there
in ten hours.
So really,
it's an equitable argument.
Robyn, what have you got?
The other Tomas Ruiz.
What do you mean?
I found the
other Tomas Ruiz.
You did? (laughs)
In two hours?
Yes.
Uh, will he testify?
Well, he wants something
in return.
Ten grand.
Get him in here,
and we'll work it out.
Oh, and, Robyn,
goodjob.
The problem, Mrs. Florrick,
is, your client is coming
to a court of equity
with unclean hands,
which, as I'm sure you will
remember from law school,
you're not allowed to do.
Your Honor, excuse me.
We'd like to amend our argument.
We've found the
real Tomas Ruiz.
The real...? Who, now?
Our client was
mistakenly deported
because immigration confused him
with someone else.
We've located the man
they were actually looking for.
Well, that's a bit
of a sticky wicket,
seeing as how your client's
already on the transport.
Yes, Your Honor, which is why
time is of the essence here.
Yes, but unfortunately,
I'm not empowered
to hear that claim.
Only the Board
of Immigration Appeals is.
And I'd hurry.
(horn honking, siren blaring)
The problem is, Mrs. Florrick,
the transport's already left.
Yes, but the wrong man
is on the bus,
Your Honor.
No, Your Honor.
There's no dispute
that Tomas Y. Ruiz
was in this country
illegally, and therefore,
subject to deportation.
Yes, but not expedited
deportation.
I'm afraid that's a distinction
for earlier.
Prior to the transport's
departure.
We can't waste taxpayer money
turning a bus around
to bring someone back
who's just going
to be deported again
in a few months.
This isn't about deportation.
Our client faces grave danger
the second he gets to Mexico.
Even if that's true, Your Honor,
that's an asylum claim.
Let me guess.
You don't hear asylum claims?
That's correct, Mrs. Florrick.
We don't hear
asylum claims.
We only hear appeals
of asylum claims.
The initial claim has to be
brought to an immigration judge.
(phone rings)
I told you
to cancel everything...
Oh, uh, no. Send her in.
(clears his throat)
(sighs)
Hi.
I'm sorry to drop in unexpected.
Please, please.
No, uh, would you...?
No, I... I can't stay very long.
I have to get to court.
But I wanted to apologize.
For...?
For dinner
last night, or
not-dinner last night.
For running out on you.
You didn't run on me.
I'm afraid I did.
But it was for a
good cause, and,
anyway, uh,
I have to run out on you again
right now, but I
would love it if we
had dinner next time?
That would be great.
Ne-_Next time
you're in town, yeah.
Oh, and, um... here.
I got you dried apricots.
I don't know why.
I... I thought of you
with dried apricots.
(phone rings)
Okay. Um, I'll
talk to you later.
Natalie, wait!
(sighs)
We have to have dinner tonight,
or it'll never happen.
Really? Why is that?
_ I don't know. _ _
I just have a premonition
that we_both le_ad
very complicated lives...
Mr. Gold?
Not now!
If we don't
take advantage
of these few minutes we have,
we might never get
the chance again.
I'll make a reservation.
I don't normally do this.
What?
Run after people.
_ I'm not
a running-after-people sort.
And I
don't normally buy
dried apricots.
They were just in the store
downstairs, so I bought them.
(laughs)
Throw them away.
Okay? They're probably gross.
ELI:
So, you'll call
me about where?
NATALIE:
I will.
How you doing?
Good.
Who's Alicia?
What?
Someone thinks you're
in pain over Alicia,
and that's what I'm about.
Why are you about anything?
I don't know.
I didn't think I was.
Who someone?
Who's telling you this?
David... something.
He looks like a
jack-o'-lantern.
David Lee.
I don't know.
One of your lawyers.
He doesn't like you
in my office.
He wants to poison the stream.
So, who is she?
Alicia was an employee
who left to start her own firm.
You were sleeping with her?
For a while.
Then what?
What happened
after a while?
I don't know.
Was she good?
Are we having fun?
You tell me.
You taste like chocolate.
That's because I'm made
of chocolate. (gasps)
DOLAN:
Your Honor,
only someone facing
a recognized form
of persecution can file
a claim for asylum.
Which Tomas Ruiz
is, Your Honor.
Oh, really?
Which one? Race?
Religion? Nationality?
Politics?
Social group.
He's part of a social group
that is known_
to face persecution
in many parts of Mexico.
And what social group
would that be?
Snitches, Your Honor.
Oh, come on.
CARY:
This is an affidavit
from a Professor
of Mexican Cultural Studies
testifying that large portions
of Mexico are controlled
by drug cartels
who deal violently...
DOLAN:
And I am sure
it's fascinating,
but the simple fact is,
Tomas Ruiz is not,
actually, a snitch,
because he never
actually snitched.
Your Honor, that's sophistry.
Yes, Mrs. Florrick.
Even if snitches qualify
as a social group,
you haven't demonstrated that
Mr. Ruiz meets the criteria.
ALICIA:
Your Honor, we have seven
and a half hours before Mr. Ruiz
is in Mexico.
JUDGE:
Yes, but, as
Bob Dylan said,
"Couldn't help but make me
feel ashamed..."
Hello?
Natalie, it's Will Gardner.
I wonder if you remember me?
I'm one of the partners
at Lockhart/Gardner.
Uh, yes, I remember.
I have to apologize
for yesterday.
I didn't realize
you had dropped by.
And I know you've gone somewhere
else with your case.
Yes, Florrick-Agos.
But I wanted you
to know I reviewed
all Tomas Ruiz's materials,
and if you're ever looking
for another perspective,
please don't hesitate to call.
(indistinct chatter)
Thank you for calling,
Mr. Gardner,
but, um, I didn't have the best
experience at your office.
I know.
I understand that,
and I'm very sorry.
Howard Lyman is
one of our legacy partners,
and he would very
much like to apologize
for his comments.
Please, Natalie, just drop by,
let us talk to you.
Let me think about it.
Good.
That's all I ask.
Thank you. Good-bye.
(phone beeps off)
(laughs)
Mmm. You're good luck.
You know that?
I do know that.
(moaning)
Lesbian, gay or transgender?
Only if he's in danger
because of it.
What about governmental
persecution?
You mean, his political beliefs?
CARY:
Or we just argue
that the Mexican government
can't protect him.
They're not the ones
threatening him.
I served Dolan.
We're back in court in an hour.
Great. Now we just need
something to argue.
CAREY:
Blood feud.
You could argue
there's a blood feud
between Tomas' family
and Hierra's family.
ALICIA:
But we don't have any evidence
of it, do we?
We might.
Really? What?
Robyn, what?
Have you noticed that
everyone's changing?
Yeah.
So, what's up?
I'm concerned about Eli.
(laughs)
What is it this time?
He flip-flopped
on your speaking at the Minority
Voter Conference.
Well, you know,
one of the things
I value about Eli is
that he keeps an open mind,
which means that
he sometimes changes it.
I think he might
have changed it because
of someone else's influence.
Her name is Natalie Flores.
She works for a lobbying firm.
Are you saying
that you think Eli's
on the payroll of some lobbyist?
No, I think it's personal.
(sighs)
Are you all right?
(gasps, sighs)
I'm fine. I'm sorry.
I hate being weak.
You're not being weak.
Mm.
Can I get you
something, or...?
Ooh. Uh...
Oh, I'm out of my Pop-Tarts.
That's not good.
No, it's not.
Um...
Natalie Flores?
Uh, yes, yes, right. Um...
(clears her throat)
Well, just to be clear,
if Eli's directing policy
due to somebody's
outside influence,
then, that's a potential
ethical violation there.
Yes. I understand.
And I'm gonna look into it.
Okay. Thank you.
(dog barking)
(doorbell buzzes)
(gasps)
I was complimenting her.
Didn't ask her
to clean my office.
I just think
this one is... touchy.
This one?
This... this Natalie.
Maybe she's a lesbian.
I don't think she's a lesbian.
DIANE:
But she is our link to
a potentially valuable client.
Howard, we're going to need you
to apologize immediately.
Fine.
Well, what do you want me
to say?
I think it's important
for Natalie to understand
that, you know, you see her
as intelligent and capable.
Not just some spicy tamale?
Hmm? Oh, come on.
I'm just kidding.
Kidding
is what got us into this mess.
No,
political correctness got us
into this mess.
But I'll get
us out of it.
I don't think
I'm gonna do the speech
at the Minority
Voter Conference.
You aren't?
Redistricting cuts both ways.
I don't want to be accused of
supporting ghettoizing anyone.
You aren't ghettoizing anyone.
They want this.
A lot of people want
a lot of things.
Yes, but we've already RSVP'd
and...
And what?
Why is this suddenly so
important that I do this, Eli?
Because this redistricting
amendment has legs.
No.
What changed your mind?
Eli,
I need to know
that I can trust you.
that the advice you give me
is in my best interests.
It has never been anything but.
Good.
(sighs)
As long as you don't
let anyone use you.
Or me.
The next time you want
to correct
my behavior,
come to me.
What are you talking about?
I don't know what you think
you saw, but if you're trying
to score points with Peter...
I'm not
trying to score points.
Then why bring it up?
Because it's my job.
My private life
falls way outside
your job description.
Not when it impacts the counsel
you give the governor.
Let's get something straight:
I have been with Peter
since...
(gags)
I'm sorry.
I can't do this right now.
Oh, spare me
the rigors of pregnancy BS!
ALICIA:
Your Honor,
blood feuds are
a recognized ground for asylum.
DOLAN: Yes,
in places where they exist.
Albania, for example,
the Caucasus, Sicily...
The concept applies anywhere
someone is targeted
because of bad blood
between families.
In this case,
Lalo Hierra
and his family have a grudge
against Tomas Ruiz.
No.
They don't hate him because
his name is Tomas Ruiz.
They hate him because he...
...almost snitched.
(sighs)
Besides, Your Honor,
even if they could
argue blood feud,
where's the evidence?
Right here.
(chuckles)
What a surprise.
Now what?
Just this morning,
Mrs. Ruiz received this bullet
in her mailbox, with the letters
"L.C." written on the side.
That's Lalo Hierra's calling
card. It's a clear threat.
Hold on. We have no way
to verify...
Your Honor,
as soon as this was_
brought to our attention
we brought it to you.
Okay, enough.
Mrs. Florrick, Mr. Agos,
I'm sorry,
but blood feud
is a very specific claim,
and I'm just not
seeing enough here
to support it.
Your Honor, this bullet
is clearly a warning
of violence to come
to Mrs. Ruiz and her family.
but _it is_ relevant _
to an application for a T Visa.
T visa?
Yes.
The Ruiz family has been
the victim
of a crime,
witness intimidation.
That is one of the recognized
grounds for granting a T visa.
Your Honor, this is absurd.
Hold on, Mr. Dolan.
"And someone says,
"'You're in the wrong place,
my friend.
You better leave.'"
Bob Dylan again, Your Honor?
It's a good claim,
Mrs. Florrick.
Actually, it's an excellent
claim, but unfortunately
I can't consider
a Visa application.
Your Honor, Mr. Ruiz's bus
is going to reach the border
in less than two hours.
I understand, but
you need to see
an immigration case worker
for that.
And the chain of custody?
CARY:
As soon as she received
the bullet, Mrs. Ruiz called me.
I rushed over
and took possession of it.
Even so, I can only get to a T
visa for Mrs. Ruiz and her son.
They were the ones who were
the victims of intimidation.
Yes, but it was meant as
a warning for the entire family.
Perhaps. But by the time
the bullet was delivered,
Mr. Ruiz was already out
of the state.
Look, Mrs....
Bardos, but Estelle is fine.
Estelle, any minute now that bus
is gonna cross the border
into Nuevo Laredo, Mexico.
Our client won't make _it
a mile past the checkpomt.
I'm sorry,
Mrs. Florrick,
I truly am, but we have rules.
CARY:
Rules? Really?
Let me tell you something, lady,
your rules
are right
out of 1984.
The book, not the year.
I am sorry.
Hello, Mr. Gardner?
I would like to meet.
Natalie, how good
to see you again.
Mr. Lyman. How are you?
Fine, thank you.
Natalie, thank you for giving
L.G. a second chance.
Yes, and I'd like to apologize
for our last meeting.
I was a little distracted
by the news
of a dear friend of mine dying.
I'm sorry.
It's fine.
But I wanted to be clear
that, uh... how wrong I was
in my comments
the last time.
(elevator dings)
Think nothing of it. Oh,
uh, I'd like to introduce you
to the partner at
our lobbying firm,
Joe Pallotta.
Hey, hey, man.
How's it going?
No, the transport is stopped
at the border,
but they're about to release it.
Why? Is...
is there a problem?
For me?
No. For the government
of Mexico, possibly.
This is immigration
enforcement's
expedited
deportation list.
And you can see,
Tomas I. Ruiz is on that bus.
He's one of the most infamous
con men in the U.S.,
responsible for millions
of dollars in damages.
He specializes in airbag fraud.
Airbag fraud?
Not only
does he cheat people,
but if they get
into an accident,
they don't have
a functioning airbag.
And given Mexico's
traffic safety record,
I'm sure that would be
troubling.
But rather than deal
with the problem here,
the U.S. government decided
to pass the buck
by sending him back to you.
Of course, it is always
within the discretion
of any sovereign nation
whether or not they choose
to accept a deportee
back into their country.
They turned him away
at the border.
(gasps)
Oh, my God. Thank you.
(sniffles)
Thank you.
Daddy's gonna be okay.
(speaking indistinctly)
Feeling good?
I guess.
You should be. You pulled
it out of the fire for us.
Well, it's my job.
Yeah. It is.
Keep doing it.
NATALIE:
Wait, his own country
wouldn't let him in?
Somehow, he ended up on the
Mexican Consulate watch list.
Oh, thank God.
Alicia, thank you.
Just remember to tell
all your fee-paying friends
about us.
(chuckles)
Bye.
Excuse me. Um, I'd like
to order two glasses of this.
Thanks.
(phone rings)
You'd be wise to get here fast.
I'm in a great mood and I have
a corporate credit card.
ELI:
Natalie, hi.
Hi. You sound...
something.
It's just that I'm not gonna
be able to make it.
It's work, naturally.
_ Peter's decision to cancel
his speech is wreaking havoc.
We have... legislators
from minority districts
at our door with pitchforks.
And you're the last line
of defense.
I'm sorry, Natalie.
Peter needs me.
He's luclq to have you.
Fly safe.
(sighs)
That was just me being stupid.
Eli, if this is
too complicated...
No. No, it's not.
Look, I lie 24/7 for my job--
it's actually a gift--
but lying to you
gave me a stomachache.
S-So. ..
How were the dried apricots?
Not so good.
(chuckles)
Well, maybe next time
I'll...
I just had to do that.
(piano playing intro
to "All I Have to Do Is Dream")
* When I want you
* In my arms
* And all your charms
* Whenever I want you
* All I have to do is dream
(elevator door opens)
PETER:
Well, Marilyn, I hope I didn't
make any ethical infractions
on the elevator ride.
No, you pushed the button
with dignity and honor.
PETER:
Ah, you must be
a good influence on me.
I wanted to push
all the buttons
and stop on
every floor. Hey.
These are some digs.
Uh, I think the operative word
is "cheap."
Nice to see you again, Marilyn.
You, too.
Okay. Where on the unethical
spectrum does it fall
to have _an intern
help my Wife unpack?
MARILYN:
Well, technically
in the red zone,
but we'll _note it
as a goodWIll gesture
by the governor
to a citizen.
Well, thank you.
Guys.
Thank you for dropping by,
Mr. Governor.
No problem,
Mrs. First Lady.
You know what?
I think you're gonna take over
the world from here.
You think so?
I'd bet on it.